# Week 7 agenda    

---

Date:           {25th March 2021}\
Main focus:     {should issues - progress}\
Chair:          {Natalia}\
Note taker:     {Mauro}


## Progress we have made this week and demo

## Progress on tasks from last week
Each group member in 2-3 sentences: 
- How did it go this week? 
- Is there anything you still have to or want to add to the issues you have implemented?
- Was the workload ok?

Last week's tasks:
  - **Natalia**: editing questions, room scheduling
  - **Pedro**: administrator features, client testing
  - **Radoslav**: limiting number of questions, banning users
  - **Beatriz**: marking questions as answered, exporting questions
  - **Mauro**: feedback, username
  - **Rado**: question log answers, long polling


## Plan for next week
- **Natalia**: extensive feedback
- **Pedro**: polls
- **Radoslav**: notifications (warning before a ban, question answered/dismissed)
- **Beatriz**: advanced question ordering, moderator upvote
- **Mauro**: administrator features, slow mode
- **Rado**: question history, dark theme, starting guide
- design document

- Additional tasks if we have time:
  - room info button on the moderator scene

## Questions for the TA
- Will the evaluators look at our code to check code organization/oop
- Serialization library recommendation
- Does moving other peopleâ€™s code make git inspector think they wrote it?
