docs/agendas/Agenda week 2.md, before:

# Week 2 agenda    

---

Date:           {18th February 2021}\
Main focus:     {Introduction to Project (after CTA meeting)}\
Chair:          {Pedro Brandão}\
Note taker:     {Beatriz Barroso}

## Opening
*Here you check that everybody is present.*

## Approval of the agenda
- CTA meeting
  - How did it go?
  - What went wrong?
  - What can we improve next week?
- Git
    - Does everybody understand how git works? Does anybody need help with it?
  - Agree on a commit standard

## Points of action
- Code of Conduct
  - Complete questionaire
  - Meet with subgroup and compare scores
  - Design a “code of conduct” for our group

## Action points for next week (Scrum board)
- Create a Backlog for the CTA meeting.
- Work on Information Literacy assignment
- Start Design

## Any other business
--
## Questions for the TA
- How to properly prepare the agenda? What should be on each topic?
- Is the code of conduct specific enough?
- Is there a Code of conduct Template?


## Question round
--
## Closing
--

Commit message:

docs(agenda): week 2 agenda updated after meeting

docs/agendas/Agenda week 2.md, after:

# Week 2 agenda    

---

Date:           {18th February 2021}\
Main focus:     {Introduction to Project (after CTA meeting)}\
Chair:          {Pedro Brandão}\
Note taker:     {Beatriz Barroso}

## Opening
*Here you check that everybody is present.*

## Approval of the agenda
- CTA meeting
  - How did it go?
  - What went wrong?
  - What can we improve next week?
- Git
    - Does everybody understand how git works? Does anybody need help with it?
  - Agree on a commit standard

## Points of action
- Code of Conduct
  - Complete questionaire
  - Meet with subgroup and compare scores
  - Design a “code of conduct” for our group

## Action points for next week (Scrum board)
- Submit Code of Conduct
- Fill README file
- Create a Backlog for the CTA meeting.
- Prepare agenda for next meeting
- Work on Information Literacy assignment
- Start Design

## Any other business
--
## Questions for the TA
- How to properly prepare the agenda? What should be on each topic?
- Is the code of conduct specific enough?
- Is there a Code of conduct Template?


## Question round
--
## Closing
--
